The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Peter Drucker
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. - Albert Einstein
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. - Dalai Lama
Get busy living or get busy dying. - Stephen King
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. - Henry Ford
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Edison
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. - Confucius
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do. - Rob Siltanen
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. - Booker T. Washington
You become what you believe. - Oprah Winfrey
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. - Amelia Earhart
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. - Mark Twain
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. - James Cameron
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. - Mother Teresa
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. - Margaret Mead
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. - Robert Louis Stevenson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. - Anne Frank
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. - Maya Angelou
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. - Abraham Lincoln
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. - Babe Ruth
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. - Helen Keller
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas A. Edison
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. - Dr. Seuss
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston S. Churchill
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. - Henry David Thoreau
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. - Steve Jobs
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. - John D. Rockefeller Jr.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere. - Barack Obama
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. - Henry Ford
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. - Rosa Parks
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. - Mother Teresa
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible!' - Audrey Hepburn
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. - Ayn Rand
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson